This Privacy Policy applies to the NIVA Well-Tech Services LLP

 

NIYA Well-Tech Services LLP recognises the importance of maintaining your privacy.
We value your privacy and appreciate your trust in us. This Policy describes how we
treat user information we collect on http://www.niya.app and other online sources. This
Privacy Policy applies to current and former visitors to our website and to our online
customers. By visiting and/or using our website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.

NIYA Well-Tech Services LLP is a property of NIYA Well-Tech Services LLP, an Indian
LLP registered under the LLP Act, 2008 having its registered office at E 203, VINAYAK
APARTMENT, PLOT NO. 36 SECTOR 10, DWARKA NEW DELHI Delhi 110075.

We Follow a global policy level, WHO's Global Plan of Action on Worker’s
Health (2008-2017) and Mental Health Action Plan (2013-2030) outline
relevant principles, objectives and implementation strategies to promote
good mental health in the workplace. These include: addressing social
determinants of mental health, such as living standards and working
conditions; activities for prevention and promotion of health and mental
health, including activities to reduce stigmatization and discrimination;
and increasing access to evidence-based care through health service
development, including access to occupational health services.

Information we collect

Contact information. We might collect your name, email, mobile number, phone
number, street, city, state, pincode, country and ip address.

Payment and billing information. We might collect your billing name, billing
address and payment method when you availed our service We NEVER collect your
credit card number or credit card expiry date or other details pertaining to your credit
card on our website. Credit card information will be obtained and processed by our
online payment partner CC Avenue.

Demographic information. We may collect demographic information about you,
events you like, events you intend to participate in event, or any other information
provided by your during the use of our website.

Other information. If you use our website, we may collect information about your IP
address and the browser you're using. We might look at what site you came from,
duration of time spent on our website, pages accessed or what site you visit when you
leave us. We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using, or the version of
the operating system your computer or device is running.

We collect information in different ways.

We collect information directly from you. We collect information directly from
you when you register for availment of our service. We also collect information if you
post a comment on our websites or ask us a question through phone or email.

We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like Google
Analytics, Google Webmaster, browser cookies and web beacons for collecting
information about your usage of our website.

Use of your personal information

We use information to contact you: We might use the information you provide to
contact you for confirmation of a availing our service from our website. .

We use information to improve our products and services. We might use your
information to customize your experience with us. This could include displaying content
based upon your preferences.

We use information to look at site trends and customer interests. We may use
your information to make our website and services better. We may combine information
we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.

We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect
our company, our customers, or our websites.

We use information to send you transactional communications. We might
send you emails or SMS about your account or a service availment.

We use information as otherwise permitted by law.

Sharing of information with third-parties

We will not share information with third parties unless for legal matters.
Your information saved in our database or a time period as may be decided
by our organisation. No one can access that data from our database even
our key personnel without the approval of governing body of the company.
Disclaimer

We at NIYA, only provide Coaching, Consulting and Counselling related to
mental health not provide any medications so our service is not the
substitute of medications

If you are feeling suicidal or have suicidal thoughts, don’t take our service, in that case
instead meet with a doctor or any expert.

Email Opt-Out

You can opt out of receiving our information emails. To stop receiving our
promotional emails, please email info.niyaapp@gmail.com. It may take about ten days
to process your request. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still
be sending you transactional messages through email and SMS about your services
availment.

Third party sites

If you click on one of the links to third party websites, you may be taken to websites we
do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites.
Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these
third party sites.

Grievance Officer

Mr. XXXXXXXXXXX

Address-

Phone: +91-

Email: info.niyaapp@gmail.com

If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns, you can also email
us at

Updates to this policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 31.05.2022. From time to time we may change
our privacy practices. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as
required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site
periodically for updates.

Jurisdiction

If you choose to visit the website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to
this Policy and the website's terms of use. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes
arising under this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India.
